Experimental considerations for ProbeRTT (#86)
ietf-wg-ccwg/draft-ietf-ccwg-bbr: draft-ietf-ccwg-bbr.md

BBR.probe_rtt_min_delay has expired, BBR does not enter ProbeRTT; the idleness
is deemed a sufficient attempt to coordinate to drain the queue.

The frequency of triggering ProbeRTT involves a tradeoff between the speed of

> convergence and the throughput penalty. It is a subject of further

Reviewer: Good point. Perhaps we can use the terminology from the draft, e.g.: "convergence and the throughput penalty of underestimating the BBR.min_rtt and therefore calculating an overly small C.cwnd. It is a subject of further"

> convergence and the throughput penalty. It is a subject of further

Author: I think there are different throughput penalties we're referring to here:

The throughput penalty I was referring to is the impact of the 200ms of capping inflight to 0.5 BDP during ProbeRTT. 

> the throughput penalty of underestimating the BBR.min_rtt and therefore calculating an overly small C.cwnd

The impact on C.cwnd is primarily a function of the MinRTTFilterLen not just ProbeRTTInterval. Increasing the ProbeRTTInterval (as long as it's still less than MinRTTFilterLen) shouldn't decrease the BBR.min_rtt estimate used for C.cwnd calculation. So this throughput penalty is actually on the same side of the trade-off as speed of convergence. I.e. a smaller ProbeRTTInterval leads to faster convergence and the potential for min_rtt underestimation causing smaller cwnd. While a larger ProbeRTTInterval leads to slower convergence and is less likely to have underestimated min_rtt.

> It is a subject of further experimentation. A longer duration between ProbeRTT

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The interval between ProbeRTTs is a subject of further experimentation. A longer duration between ProbeRTT
```
